# DataScienceUWP
The most successful companies today are the one's who know their customers so well that they are able to anticipate their needs beforehand. This can better be achieved if we can segment the customers into different groups that reflect the similarities among the customers in each group. The goal of the segmentation is to foresee the needs of customers, get to know their interests, lifestyles, priorities and learn their spending habits so that to maximize the value of customers to the business. Customer segmentation has many advantages for the businesses which include:
Price Optimization: Understanding the customers and their financial status will help to pace up with price optimization
Enhanced Competitiveness: More the customer attention and more will be the revenue generated and this would in return enhances company competitiveness in the market. If the company can segment the market, it is well known to the customers and the company can come up with new products and optimize the existing products according to the changing preferences of the customers
Acquisition and Retention: A personalized connection with the customers helps a company to win satisfied customers. Better segmentation of the customers will lead to better relationships with the prospective customers. About 75% of satisfied customers are more likely to stay with a company
Increased Revenues: By fine tuning the marketing strategies will help generate more revenues because users will more likely to purchase when they are delivered exactly what they need. Personalized and segmented Emails increase the liklihood that more Emails will be opened. Infact the more Emails are opened, the more sales will be made. Successful marketing not only require knowledge about who your customers are but also where exactly they are in the buying process and customer segmentation based on such information ensure that the marketing campaigns are truly effective
